COM-129: Fix Page Properties Dialog (#1414)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/fifty-apricots-count.md

---
"@comet/admin": patch
---

> Fix a bug in `FinalForm` where the submit mutation wasn't correctly awaited if a `FinalForm` inside an `EditDialog` used an asynchronous validation. 

Reviewer: I don't think this is specific to EditDialog, but a bug in our FinalForm component in general?

Author: I made the message more specific. What do you think?

Reviewer: It's better, but IMO the title is too long. Maybe some parts of it can be moved into the description

Maybe something like "Fix saveAction in RouterPrompt inside a FinalForm" as title, and the remainder as description?

---
"@comet/admin": patch
---

> Fix a bug in `FinalForm` where the submit mutation wasn't correctly awaited if a `FinalForm` using an asynchronous validation was saved via the `saveAction` provided by the `RouterContext`. 
> 
> In practice, this affected `FinalForm`s within an `EditDialog`. 
> The `EditDialog` closed before the submission was completed. All changes were omitted. The result of the submission (fail or success) was never shown.

Author: @johnnyomair What about

```suggestion
Fix `saveAction` in `RouterPrompt` of `FinalForm`

The submit mutation wasn't correctly awaited if a `FinalForm` using an asynchronous validation was saved via the `saveAction` provided in the `RouterPrompt`. 

In practice, this affected `FinalForm`s within an `EditDialog`. The `EditDialog` closed before the submission was completed. All changes were omitted. The result of the submission (fail or success) was never shown.
```

Reviewer: @thomasdax98 perfect 👌🏼
